The bandgap of perovskites can be tuned by
(partial) replacement of iodine anions with
bromine or chlorine. However, the replace-
ment of I with Br by more than ~20%, which
is necessary to enlarge the bandgap to ~1.7 eV,
leads to stability issues under illumination
through phase separation that forms I-rich
and Br-rich structures (12). One approach to
stabilize the perovskite is to create a two-
dimensional (2D) phase in which sheets of
[PbX6]−2 octahedra are separated by an excess
number of long-chain (or aromatic) molecules
that act as a passivation agent (13–17). Common
long-chain or aromatic molecule–based 2D ad-
ditives include n-butylammonium iodide (n-
BAI) and phenethylammonium iodide (PEAI)
(13, 15). For example, Wang et al. have used
n-BAI as a 2D additive and demonstrated an
extended lifetime of up to 1000 hours under
illumination (13). Kim et al. have developed a
wide-bandgap perovskite with PEAI as a 2D
additive and demonstrated successful integra-
tion into perovskite/Cu(In,Ga)Se2 tandem solar
cells (17). Formation of passivation layers in-
duced by these 2D additives improved efficiency,
particularly the open-circuit voltage (VOC);
however, excessive incorporation of 2D-forming
molecules often reduced the fill factor (FF)
because of their electrically insulating nature.
Thus, the concentration of the added 2D mole-
cules has been limited to ~1 mol % in the pre-
cursor solutions. Most of the recent studies have focused on
the cation components of the 2D additives rather
than focusing on the anions. We developed a
2D-3D mixed wide-bandgap (1.68 eV) perov-
skite using a mixture of thiocyanate (SCN) with
the more-conventional choice, iodine. Through
a careful application of atomic-resolution trans- mission electron microscopy (TEM), we dem-
onstrated that electrical and charge transport
properties as well as the physical location of
2D passivation layers can be controlled with
anion engineering of the 2D additives. More-
over, we can use this approach to extend light
stability and to improve device performance.
For a perovskite device, we achieved a PCE of
20.7% that retained >80% of its initial efficiency
after 1000 hours of continuous illumination
in working conditions. For a monolithic 2T
perovskite/Si tandem solar cell, the champion
2T tandem device achieved a PCE of 26.7%. Anion engineering of wide-bandgap solar cells The wide-bandgap (1.68 eV) perovskite used in
this study was (FA0.65MA0.2Cs0.15)Pb(I0.8Br0.2)3.
An additional 2 mol % of Pb(SCN)2 was added
to the perovskite precursor solution to acceler-
ate the 3D perovskite grain growth (17). To
form a 2D phase, PEA-based additives had an
anion component mixture of I and SCN with
various ratios of SCN/(SCN + I), ranging from
0 to 100%. Solar cells were fabricated with
an indium tin oxide (ITO)/poly(triaryl amine)
(PTAA)/perovskite/C60/bathocuproine (BCP)/
Ag device structure (fig. S1). Representative
current density-voltage (J-V) curves of devices
with three different SCN/(SCN+I) ratios—0, 75,
and 100% (Fig. 1A)—show that the highest VOC
was from the pure PEAI and the highest JSC
was from the pure PEASCN, but the highest per-
formance was from the mixed anion sample.
We further investigated the influence of the
anion composition in the 2D additives on the
PV parameters using a series of samples with
different ratios of SCN to (SCN + I). In all of
the samples, the concentration of the 2D addi-
tives added to the precursor solutions was fixed
at 2 mol %, which was determined by the de-
vice optimization (fig. S2). Increasing SCN/
(SCN + I) decreased VOC but improved JSC
and FF (Fig. 1B). The variation of VOC was not
caused by slight changes in the optical bandgap
of the different perovskite films (fig. S3). A com-
promise between the PV parameters produced
the highest efficiency with the additives of 75%
SCN, in other words, PEA(I0.25SCN0.75). Thus,
SCN promoted the JSC and FF of the devices,
but iodine seemed essential in defect passiva-
tion that led to higher VOC. The J-V curve of the champion cell with the
PEA(I0.25SCN0.75) additive (Fig. 1C) led to a
20.7% PCE and a stabilized power output (SPO)
>20%. The external quantum efficiency (EQE)
shown in fig. S4A from the same device showed
a minimal mismatch with the JSC from the J-V
scan (<4%) and negligible J-V hysteresis be-
tween the different scan directions (fig. S4B).
For a long-term stability test of the devices
under continuous illumination in an N2-filled
environment (18), samples without any en-
capsulation were subjected to J-V measure-
ments every 30 min (Fig. 1D). Compared with Kim et al., Science 368, 155–160 (2020) 10 April 2020 1 of 6 RES EARCH | R E S E A R C H A R T I C L E the samples with pure PEAI and PEASCN ad-
ditives, the mixed anion additive that led to
the champion device exhibited much-improved
stability—80% of the initial efficiency was
maintained even after 1000 hours of contin-
uous illumination (J-V curves acquired during
the stability tests are shown in fig. S5). A greatly
extended light stability of a wide-bandgap
perovskite (~1.67 eV) has recently been demon-
strated by McGehee et al. (19) that uses a triple-
halide alloy (mixture of Cl, Br, and I). The
extended stability in that case has been attributed
to markedly improved structural and opto-
electronic properties (enhanced carrier lifetime
and mobility and reduced defect density) of the
perovskite. We also observed improved struc-
tural and optoelectronic properties via the
optimized anion-engineered 2D additive, as
discussed later in this work. Structural characterization We explored the roles of different PEA-based
additives on the device operation through ex-
tensive structural analysis. The films were exam-
ined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM)
(Fig. 2, A to C). The average grain size was
larger for the SCN-based PEA source than that
of the pure PEAI additive, which confirmed
the previous reports on the enhanced grain
growth promoted by SCN molecules (17, 20).
However, compared with the perovskite film
with only Pb(SCN)2 (fig. S6B), PEA appar-
ently suppressed grain growth, which limited
the average grain size to less than ~500 nm.
Consistent with the SEM results, x-ray diffrac- tion (XRD) (Fig. 2D) revealed that films with
the PEASCN additive were more crystalline
than a film with the PEAI additive, as deter-
mined by the full width at half maximum of
the XRD peaks (fig. S7). The PbI2 phase peak
was observed in all of the films and was
strongest for the pure PEAI film. In addition
to the well-defined grains of the 3D perovskite,
patches of a new phase with a bright SEM
image contrast (indicating a more insulating
nature than the darker 3D perovskite grains)
were observed. Most of these patches were
preferentially located at grain boundaries in-
stead of residing directly over grains. To probe the chemical and structural prop-
erties of the new phase coexisting with the 3D
perovskite host, we performed cross-sectional
TEM studies including atomic-resolution
scanning TEM (STEM) images. Figure 2, E and
F, presents bright-field and high-resolution
TEM images of the PEA(I0.25SCN0.75) sample
that show the layered structure (2D phase)
located at the grain boundary. The interplanar
d-spacing of the 2D phase of 7.1 Å measured
from the high-resolution image (Fig. 2G) was
also confirmed by selected-area diffraction in
fig. S8B. High-angle annular dark-field (HAADF)
and annular bright-field (ABF) STEM images
(Fig. 2, H and I) helped identify the atomic
configuration of the 2D phase. HAADF can be
interpreted as Z-contrast imaging, which ren-
ders a heavier element brighter with no contrast
reversals (21, 22), and ABF phase-contrast imag-
ing visualizes weak-phase objects of low-Z atoms
such as hydrogen and oxygen (23). As the dark contrast of light atoms in the ABF was not
pronounced enough to be well resolved, the
contrast of the ABF was reversed to yield a
reverse ABF (RABF), in which light atoms
now appeared bright on the dark background.
The measured d-spacing values of the 2D
phase were 2.3 and 7.1 Å along the in-plane
and out-of-plane directions, respectively. Nota-
bly, these values are near the planar spacings of
PbI2 (110) and (001), respectively, with just
1 and 1.7% expansion compared with the (110)
and (001) planar spacing of pure PbI2 (JCPDS-
73-1750, Trigonal P(cid:1)3m1, a = 4.5570 Å and c =
6.9790 Å). This result suggested that the 2D
phase was primarily PbI2. Direct comparisons
of the atomic-scale structures of pure PbI2 and
those of our 2D phase are presented in fig. S9.
A subtle distinction between our 2D phase and
the pure PbI2 is the observation of interlayer
atomic or molecular dopants in the RABF image
(and also in the HAADF image, although the
contrast is more diffuse) of our 2D phase,
whereas such contrast was absent in the pure
PbI2. These data suggest that the interlayer do-
pants were likely SCN or Cs, and the incorpo-
ration of the interlayer dopants must be at least
partially responsible for the lattice expansion.
To further confirm the structural origin of
our 2D phase, we performed STEM simula-
tions of PbI2 and PEA2PbI4 (fig. S10), which
illustrated much better matching of the real
high-resolution STEM images with the simula-
tions of PbI2 compared with PEA2PbI4. Energy-
dispersive spectroscopy analysis of a surface
2D phase (fig. S11) revealed that the 2D phase Fig. 1. Device per-
formance and
stability under illumi-
nation of perovskite
solar cells with differ-
ent 2D additives.
(A) Representative J-V
curves of perovskite
solar cells with different
incorporated additives.
Precursor solutions
consisted of a mixture
of FAI, MABr, PbI2,
PbBr2, and CsI to form
a stoichiometric
3D perovskite + Pb
(SCN)2 + PEA(I(1−x)
SCNx), where x = 0,
0.75, or 1. (B) Statistics
of PV parameters with
various ratios of SCN to
(SCN + I) in the 2D
additives (x = 0, 0.25,
0.5, 0.75, or 1). (C) J-V
curve of the champion
wide-bandgap perovskite solar cell [PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)]. (D) Long-term stability (PCE normalized over the initial efficiency) of perovskite devices under
light illumination without encapsulation. Kim et al., Science 368, 155–160 (2020) 10 April 2020 2 of 6 RES EARCH | R E S E A R C H A R T I C L E Fig. 2. Structural properties
of perovskite films. (A to D)
Plan-view SEM images [(A)
to (C)] and XRD patterns
(D) of perovskite films formed
with different 2D additives.
a.u., arbitrary unit. (E to G) TEM
images from PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)
showing the 2D phase at the
grain boundary (GB) of the
3D perovskite host. The inset
of (G) shows a fast Fourier
transform pattern. (H to K)
Atomic-scale STEM images
[(H) to (J)] and the schematic
(K) of the atomic structure
of the 2D phase (PbI2 with
interlayer dopants). Results
from the PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)
sample, (B) and (E to K), are
marked by red boxes. Fig. 3. Series of XRD of films formed with varying ratios of 2D additive to 3D perovskite precursor chemicals. (A) XRD patterns with differing ratios (mole %)
of 2D additives, i.e., Pb(SCN)2 + PEA(I0.25SCN0.75), to 3D perovskite precursors. (B) Color-coded visualization of different phases formed. The intensity of the color
represents the strength of the corresponding XRD peak. The white background in each row represents the absence of the phase. Kim et al., Science 368, 155–160 (2020) 10 April 2020 3 of 6 RES EARCH | R E S E A R C H A R T I C L E contained Pb, I, Br, N, and Cs, which confirms
that it is PbI2-based with the inclusion of SCN,
Br, and Cs. The sample with only the Pb(SCN)2
additive without PEA appeared to have only sur-
face 2D phases, whereas the PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)
sample had a 2D phase both on the surface
and at grain boundaries (figs. S11 and S12).
Previous studies have shown segregation of PEA
molecules at grain boundaries of perovskites
and their passivation effect (24). The large size
of PEA is only readily hosted at grain bounda-
ries. For the grain boundary with 2D phase
present, the space between the grain and the
2D phase is where we expect PEA molecules to
reside. Thus, we speculate that PEA not only
acted as a passivation agent itself, but that it
also assisted the passivation of grain bounda-
ries by preferentially placing the PbI2-based
2D phase. Previous studies have identified 2D passi-
vation layers derived from PEAI (or BAI) as
PEA2PbI4 (or BA2PbI4), a low-dimensional perov-
skite, A2A′(n − 1)BnX(3n + 1), with n = 1 (13). An
obvious difference between these reports and
our work is the inclusion of SCN in the anion
component of the 2D additives. To elucidate
reaction pathways under our precursor chem-
istry, we carried out a series of XRD measure-
ments on perovskite films formed by precursor
solutions where 3D perovskite chemicals (FAI,
MABr, CsI, PbBr2, and PbI2) were mixed with 2D additives [Pb(SCN)2 and PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)]
(Fig. 3). We investigated a wide range of the
relative concentrations of 2D additives to the
3D perovskite chemicals—from 2 mol %, which
was the condition used to yield films for pho-
tovoltaic devices, to 100 mol %. As anticipated, in the film produced with
only the 2D additive chemicals (100 mol %),
only the PEA2PbI4 phase was present. But, when
3D perovskite precursor chemicals were added
(25% was the minimum mole % of the 3D
perovskite chemicals in our study), the PEA2PbI4
phase was suppressed and new phases—an
unidentified 9° peak, low-dimensional perov-
skite (PEA)2A(n − 1)PbnI(3n + 1) (n = 2 or 3), PbI2,
and 3D perovskite—began to form. Upon reduc-
ing the relative concentration of the 2D additives
to below 20%, all of these phases, except PbI2
and 3D perovskite, disappeared. Notably, upon
reducing the ratio of the 2D additives from
30 to 20%, the low-dimensional perovskite
peak disappeared while the PbI2 peak inten-
sified, which suggests that as these two phases
compete for Pb and I, PbI2 dominates over the
low-dimensional phase. Preferential formation
of PbI2 over the other secondary phases, which
was more pronounced with the reducing con-
centration of the 2D additives, agreed well with
the TEM results presented in Fig. 2. Similar XRD measurements were performed
on perovskite films with pure PEAI or PEASCN (fig. S13). A similar trend was observed in terms
of the appearance and disappearance of differ-
ent phases with the 2D additive ratio. However,
PEA2PbI4 was absent with the full PEASCN
(it formed only when PEAI was present in
the precursor solutions), which indicates the
difficulty of forming a PEA-based 2D phase
with SCN anions. Also, at the same mole % of
the 2D additives, the relative intensity of the
PbI2 was larger with the increasing ratio of I to
SCN in the PEA source (fig. S14). We believe
that the more-facile formation of PbI2 with an
increasing ratio of I to SCN accounted for the
trend of the VOC change in the devices shown
in Fig. 1B. As revealed by TEM, PbI2-based 2D
layers exist at grain boundaries. These layers
could become thicker, cover wider areas of grain
boundaries, or do both of these things with
the increasing ratio of I to SCN. This process
led to more-effective passivation and a larger
VOC. Both PEA molecules and the PbI2-based
2D phase at the grain boundaries, the forma-
tion of which we speculate is catalyzed by the
presence of PEA, should contribute to passiva-
tion. The positive role of PbI2 residing at grain
boundaries—that is improving Voc—has been
well-documented in the literature (25). How-
ever, the insulating nature of PbI2, especially
when present in large quantities, would like-
ly decrease FF, as observed in our device re-
sults (26). Fig. 4. Electrical properties of
perovskite films and the obser-
vation of planar defects in 2D
passivation layers. (A) Photo-
conductivity transient of perovskite
films measured by time-resolved
microwave conductivity. (B) Excita-
tion intensity dependence of the
photoconductivity in the absorbed
flux (I0FA) range from 4.0 × 109 to
3.0 × 1010 cm−2. (C) Vertical
J-V curve of ITO/perovskite/Au.
(D to F) C-AFM maps. (G) HAADF
image revealing the formation of
regions with defects (dark contrast
indicated by arrows) within the
2D phase in the PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)
film. (H and I) Atomically resolved
HAADF and RABF images of the
2D phase. Planar defects such as
insertion of extra planes (edge
dislocation-like) and the merging
or splitting and bending of layers
are indicated. Different types of
defects are marked by arrows in
different colors in (I). Kim et al., Science 368, 155–160 (2020) 10 April 2020 4 of 6 RES EARCH | R E S E A R C H A R T I C L E Fig. 5. Structure and photovoltaic performance for the 2T perovskite/Si tandem device. (A) Cross-
sectional SEM image showing the full device structure of our 2T perovskite/Si tandem device. The inset
shows a photograph of a tandem solar cell. (B) J-V curve of the champion perovskite/Si 2T tandem device
with stabilized power output shown in the inset. (C) EQE and 1−R spectrum of the tandem device. Gray line is
the sum of both EQEs from the top and bottom cells. Charge transport
To understand the impact on device perform-
ances with the different additives, we examined
the electrical and charge transport properties
of the perovskite films by time-resolved mi-
crowave conductivity (TRMC), conductive–
atomic force microscopy (C-AFM), and vertical
J-V measurements. In TRMC, the transient
change in the density of mobile charge carriers
photogenerated by a 5-ns pump-laser pulse was
monitored through attenuation of an ~9-GHz
frequency microwave probe, which yielded in-
formation about free carrier mobility and life-
time (27–29). Figure 4A compares mobility
transients measured at an absorbed photon
flux of ~1 × 1010 cm−2 using 640-nm laser exci-
tation. By fitting the decay rate of the mobility
yield product (ϕ
m)—where ϕ is the carrier
generation yield (usually near unity for high-
quality perovskites) (28) and m is the mobility
for carriers—we determined the carrier lifetime,
as indicated by the numerical values in Fig.
4A. All samples containing a PEA source had
long lifetimes in the microsecond regime. The
PEA(I0.25SCN0.75) sample, in particular, had
the longest lifetime (approaching 3 ms). The
PEA(I0.25SCN0.75) and PEASCN samples exhibited
a high mobility product value (>40 cm2 V−1 s−1),
whereas the PEAI sample exhibited a relatively
small value of ~10 cm2 V −1 s−1. These mobility
values were well maintained over a wide range
of the excitation intensity (Fig. 4B). P To identify the factors affecting the vari-
ous FFs of the samples with different ratios
of anions in the PEA source (Fig. 1B), we in-
vestigated the electrical conductivity of dif-
ferent perovskite films by vertical dark J-V
measurements using a structure consisting of
ITO/perovskite/Au (Fig. 4C). When SCN was
present, electrical conductivity was higher,
which yielded a higher FF. We also performed
C-AFM measurements to examine the spatial
distribution of the current paths through the
thickness of the perovskite films. Samples for the C-AFM measurements were ITO/PTAA/
perovskite, and current mapping was con-
structed by a Pt-Ir-coated tip at the sample
bias of +1 V. For PEA(I0.25SCN0.75) (Fig. 4E)
and PEASCN (Fig. 4F), the preferential current
flow was through the grain boundaries with a
relatively uniform contribution to the current
through intragrain regions. The PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)
sample exhibited slightly less grain-to-grain
fluctuation than the PEASCN. In contrast, the
PEAI sample (Fig. 4D) had a nonuniform current
distribution, and many dead areas were visible.
Dead regions in PEASCN and PEA(I0.25SCN0.75)
samples were much fewer in number relative to
those in the PEAI sample. In imaging studies (Fig. 4, G to I), a feature
was commonly found in the 2D phase, lo-
cated at the grain boundaries of the film with
PEA(I0.25SCN0.75) additives. Darker contrast in
HAADF was observed in many regions within
the 2D phase (blue arrows in Fig. 4G). Atomi-
cally resolved STEM images focusing on one of
these dark regions (Fig. 4, H and I) revealed
anomalies in the stacking of the 2D layers.
Examples include (i) the insertion of an extra
half-plane (i.e., edge dislocation), (ii) the merging
or splitting of adjacent layers within a stack of
PbI2 (consisting of layers of I only, Pb only, and,
again, I only), (iii) the bending of layers, and
(iv) the interconnection between layers of PbI2.
We speculate that the formation of these unusual
planar defects stemmed from chemical inho-
mogeneity caused by local evaporation of SCN
molecules, which are very volatile, during heat
treatment (20). These planar defects could
facilitate charge-conduction paths across 2D layers
that would otherwise be difficult to achieve (30),
and the defects both enhance charge collection
(improving JSC) and reduce the overall series
resistance of the perovskite film (improving FF). 2T tandem solar cells We used our wide-bandgap perovskite to fabri-
cate 2T monolithic perovskite/Si tandem solar cells. The Si bottom cell was textured only on
the backside. On top of the Si bottom cell, the
following stacking of layers was prepared:
ITO as the recombination layer, PTAA, wide-
bandgap perovskite, C60, and polyethylenimine
(PEIE) as not only an electron transport layer
but also a buffer layer to minimize sputter
damage during the subsequent ITO deposition
(Fig. 5A). Further details about the tandem cell
fabrication are provided in supplementary
materials. The active area of the 2T tandem
cell was 0.188 cm2, as defined by the aperture.
The champion 2T tandem device achieved
26.7% PCE with a JSC of 19.2 mA cm−2, VOC of
1.756 V, and FF of 0.792 with negligible hyster-
esis and a stabilized power output value >26.5%
(Fig. 5B). Ideal spectral matching between the
1.68-eV perovskite and the 1.12-eV Si led to a
JSC > 19 mA cm−2. To verify our in-house
measurement, a 2T tandem device of the same
design with an active area of 1.001 cm2 was cer-
tified with an efficiency of 26.2%. The official
report is included in the supplementary mate-
rials (fig. S16). In Fig. 5C, the EQE of the tandem device
and the 1−R (reflectance) spectrum are pre-
sented. The current densities through the top
and the bottom cell were consistent with the
JSC from the J-V curve. The separate contribu-
tions of the top perovskite and the bottom Si
cells to the total VOC of the tandem device
were determined by Si cell measurement with
light filtered by the perovskite top cell (31). The
J-V curves of the light-filtered Si cell, as well as
the unfiltered Si cell, are shown in fig. S15. The
light-filtered Si cell has a 9.4% PCE with a VOC
of 0.62 V. Comparing the total VOC of the 2T
tandem device and the VOC from the light-
filtered Si bottom cell, we found that the gain
in VOC from the perovskite top cell was 1.132 V,
or 64% of the total VOC. This large contribution
from the perovskite top cell exceeds that of
other reported 2T perovskite/Si tandem cells
with identified relative contributions of each
cell (table S1). The high performance of our
wide-bandgap perovskite cell validates the use
of perovskites to potentially reach >30% PCE
for Si-based tandems once the Si bottom cell is
further optimized.